NAMESPACE        NAME                                                       CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
argocd           argocd-application-controller-0                            6m           167Mi           
argocd           argocd-applicationset-controller-95fd8b4fc-hdmcb           1m           34Mi            
argocd           argocd-dex-server-64879655b-dqt7v                          1m           28Mi            
argocd           argocd-notifications-controller-7c4d6fd566-5769k           1m           36Mi            
argocd           argocd-redis-7ddc494d94-d7rpx                              2m           7Mi             
argocd           argocd-repo-server-7464fd89f4-k5d5b                        1m           60Mi            
argocd           argocd-server-69cdbf9f69-5pdxb                             2m           45Mi            
cloudflare       cloudflared-756df785cf-tnw2f                               1m           24Mi            
cloudflare       cloudflared-756df785cf-wn2nw                               3m           30Mi            
default          nfs-subdir-external-provisioner-8547467568-6qz2j           2m           17Mi            
dev              devistor-app-dev-7b8c46cd98-8lnpq                          1m           329Mi           
dev              devistor-app-dev-7b8c46cd98-h5nkk                          1m           302Mi           
kube-system      coredns-ffdddc449-cm8qj                                    2m           41Mi            
kube-system      kube-vip-46lgh                                             1m           23Mi            
kube-system      kube-vip-kj9j9                                             2m           24Mi            
kube-system      kube-vip-l4fxd                                             1m           11Mi            
kube-system      local-path-provisioner-75bb9ff978-2szfv                    1m           13Mi            
kube-system      metrics-server-557ff575fb-tbt9p                            4m           27Mi            
metallb-system   metallb-controller-b489676fc-6bzw2                         1m           45Mi            
metallb-system   metallb-speaker-28m56                                      9m           107Mi           
metallb-system   metallb-speaker-45kks                                      13m          103Mi           
metallb-system   metallb-speaker-6rtjf                                      7m           97Mi            
metallb-system   metallb-speaker-mn5s6                                      7m           103Mi           
metallb-system   metallb-speaker-mw55c                                      8m           95Mi            
metallb-system   metallb-speaker-vbqq2                                      14m          102Mi           
monitoring       alertmanager-kube-prometheus-stack-alertmanager-0          1m           36Mi            
monitoring       kube-prometheus-stack-grafana-f97dbccb5-vdxgk              4m           363Mi           
monitoring       kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics-667ff8d5b-54vxx   2m           37Mi            
monitoring       kube-prometheus-stack-operator-6cd649-nzxbm                1m           37Mi            
monitoring       kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-27q9p       2m           18Mi            
monitoring       kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-c9wcb       1m           14Mi            
monitoring       kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-cfqkf       2m           18Mi            
monitoring       kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-p7g28       1m           19Mi            
monitoring       kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-vgkb7       1m           22Mi            
monitoring       kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-xmlf6       1m           13Mi            
monitoring       loki-0                                                     6m           215Mi           
monitoring       prometheus-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-0              198m         1156Mi          
monitoring       promtail-65l5m                                             9m           53Mi            
monitoring       promtail-hpz65                                             5m           45Mi            
monitoring       promtail-jsc9g                                             5m           43Mi            
monitoring       promtail-kxgp6                                             5m           44Mi            
monitoring       promtail-nzjpj                                             6m           51Mi            
monitoring       promtail-v6pqr                                             8m           63Mi            
prod             devistor-app-prod-5965d8db54-pjkff                         1m           326Mi           
prod             devistor-app-prod-5965d8db54-wf495                         1m           331Mi           
traefik          traefik-75595ffcf7-5xrcg                                   1m           61Mi            
traefik          traefik-75595ffcf7-hvwxg                                   1m           53Mi            
traefik          traefik-75595ffcf7-shxn6                                   1m           62Mi            
velero           velero-869b896886-5g8hf                                    4m           117Mi           
